See yourself being part of a large, transformational change? This could be the role for you! 
Iress is continuing to hire for roles during Covid-19 with all interviewing and on-boarding done virtually. Everyone new to the team, along with our current staff, will temporarily work from home until it is safe to return to our offices.
 
The role
 
As a Data Migration Developer your main focus is to support Iress' clients with data migration from a number of source systems into Iress' flagship product, Xplan. You will be responsible for developing and maintaining SQL scripts to interrogate client data and take ownership of executing data migrations
 
What you will be doing
 
 Owning the end to end process of a migration, including the migration setup, execution and post migration analysis 
 Developing, testing and maintaining migration tools for single use or re-use 
 Running migrations for a variety of 3rd party systems as per the agreed specifications of the clients request 
 Executing Data Repair and deletion requests for existing clients 
 Operating within server environments to execute migrations and ensure the required infrastructure is in place to implement migrations successfully 
 Proactively identifying and addressing issues that have the potential to impact a migration, as well as identifying reasons for migration failures and following correct procedures to resume/rerun migrations or raise development items 
 Working with a variety of teams across Iress in particular Data Analysts, Project Managers and product teams to make sure Data Migration deliveries are in line with the overall project plan 
 
What you will need
 
 You will have hands on experience building, maintaining and running data migration utilities 
 In depth knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server and Database Management tools, with experience of writing complex SQL scripts 
 Experience with financial planning software or the financial planning industry is desirable but not essential 
 An understanding of environments and infrastructure, with some exposure to Cloud technologies, in particular, AWS 
 Great attention to detail, with the ability to spot and rectify any issues with the data we receive 
 Strong communication skills - you will be comfortable liaising with a variety of different internal teams as well as occasionally speaking to clients directly 
 Experience of working with Talend would be beneficial 
 
Why work with us
 
Competitive remuneration
Global opportunities
Casual dress, flexible work policy
Access to learning and development programs
Health Benefits including Private Medical Insurance
Iress Community
3 days’ leave per year for charity initiatives
Global 36-hour hackathon
Cycle to Work scheme
25 days holiday plus Bank Holidays
Profit Share Plan
Up to 26 weeks’ paid parental leave for primary carers (up to 4 weeks for secondary carers), and the ability to work part-time when returning to work
 Employment Type 
Employee
 
Time Type
 
Full time
Data Engineer
Overview
EF is the world leader in international education. Our mission is to break down barriers in language, culture, and geography and so far, we have helped over 15 million people learn a language, discover the world or earn an academic degree. We have 500 schools and offices in over 50 countries and employs over 52,000 staff and teachers. In today’s increasingly complex and interdependent world our mission is more relevant than ever.
The Role
This role is a crucial part of our EdTech Data Science team. We’re a lean and agile team of Data Engineers and Data Scientist focused on building modern cloud-based infrastructure to enable ML for Education. You will be contributing to our event-based streaming data platform that enables real time insights for teachers and students in the classroom or when studying remotely online. You will also help us build a world-class cloud data warehouse for our Data Scientists, Analysts and BI specialists.
Our current EdTech stack is based on AWS and includes Kubernetes, Kafka, Kinesis, Flink, Snowflake but you will also work with the wider business to develop ETL processes to move data from multiple data sources into our data lake/ warehouse.
Main Responsibilities
Create and contribute to a data platform that enables self-service analytics and creates the foundation for data science applications across our businesses
Build batch and streaming pipelines for the purpose of analysis & data science
Design, implement and maintain the data warehouse
Support and maintain existing production services
We ask that you have
AWS, GCP or Azure cloud expertise
Experience with cloud-based data warehousing (Snowflake, Redshift or similar)
Experience with Agile methodologies and practices
Experience using distributed version control systems (e.g. git, mercurial)
Experience in developing data processing applications in Java/Scala/Python
Experience working with streaming data sources (e.g. Kinesis Streams or Apache Kafka)
Experience with Kubernetes, Helm charts and Docker
Experience with real-time processing engines (e.g. Apache Flink, Apache Beam, Apache Storm)
Excellent verbal and written skills in order to effectively communicate with partner teams
Other Useful Skills Include
Ability to write efficient SQL statements
Understand data warehouse design and ETL performance techniques
Experience with 3NF, Data Vault & Dimensional modelling
Experience with Master Data Management
Experience with Data Governance
I’m recruiting a Data Engineer for a permanent role in Cardiff, with a salary of £40,000 - £50,000pa + benefits. The role is fully remote initially, with part-remote working available afterwards.
Reporting into the Data & Analytics Manager you'll be responsible for the design and maintenance of autonomous data pipelines and solutions. My client has recently built an Enterprise Data Platform and are looking for a Data Engineer / BI Developer with strong ETL experience to join the team and contribute towards the changing data landscape within the business. In this role you will gain exposure to Cloud technologies and Big Data architectures.
Requirements: -
 2+ years’ experience in a BI / Data Engineering role
 SQL & Python programming experience
 Solid understanding of data processing and ELT / ETL
If you are interested, please apply ASAP or email Alistair.Cooke@reed.com for further information.
I’m recruiting a Data Engineer for a permanent role in Cardiff, with a salary of £32,500 - £40,000pa + benefits. The role is fully remote initially, with part-remote working available afterwards.
Reporting into the Data & Analytics Manager you'll be responsible for the design and maintenance of autonomous data pipelines and solutions. My client has recently built an Enterprise Data Platform and are looking for a Data Engineer / BI Developer with strong ETL experience to join the team and contribute towards the changing data landscape within the business. In this role you will gain exposure to Cloud technologies and Big Data architectures.
Requirements: -
 1+ years experience in a BI / Data Engineering role
 SQL & Python programming experience
 Experienced in data processing and ELT / ETL
If you are interested, please apply ASAP or email Alistair.Cooke@reed.com for further information.
Location
1 Victoria Street London, 2 Rivergate Temple Quay Bristol
Summary
About the job
Are you interested in UK energy data, climate change and building a sustainable future? Do you enjoy working with others to people to establish new data pipelines and ways of working to create excellent statistics that shape the Government’s policies for achieving Net Zero emissions by 2050? If so, now is great time to join the Energy Statistics team in BEIS.
This post will complete recruitment of the new Data System Development team. We are a small central team in the division, providing technical advice and support to around 40 other analysts. The team’s main current goal is to design and deliver a transformation programme to radically improve the pipelines of data ingest, processing and dissemination used for the production of around 100 official statistics a year.
This transformation programme is replacing manual data processes with SQL databases and reproducible pipelines. The team uses Python and SQL, with Git for collaboration and version control. We are prioritising delivering a system that is easy for other analysts to use and maintain, with clear metadata and documentation. This work will significantly improve productivity and quality assurance across the division, and thereby enhance the published statistics that drive national energy strategy.
Job Description
As a data engineer in the Data Systems Development team, you'll work closely with analysts in other teams by providing guidance and support as they develop new data pipelines. You will manage the scrum development process for these users, helping to unblock barriers and encouraging progress. You will also use your technical skills to personally deliver new system features that are robust, resilient and aligned to user-needs. As we are a small team there will be plenty of scope for you to work with senior engineers to help shape the overall system design.
This role is available in London or Bristol. If based in Bristol you will be expected to visit London two days a week under normal circumstances.
Pay Enhancement
If the successful candidate is an existing member of a government analytical profession (GORS, GES, GSR or GSG), they will qualify for a pay enhancement of £4245 rising to £6000 for those with a relevant masters. Non-members will be supported to apply for membership once in post if appropriate.
Responsibilities
We are looking for someone with skills and interest in data engineering who enjoys working with people with a range of technical experience. The points listed below are relevant for the role; you should ensure that you cover as many of these points as possible in your statement of suitability.
Essential Data Engineering Experience
 Good programming skills including at least one of Python or SQL
 Understanding of relational databases
 Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) processes
 Dissemination of data and analysis in a variety of formats
 Development using version control (preferably Git)
 Monitoring data quality and developing processes for automated and/or manual interventions to improve data quality
Other Essential Experience
 Excellent people skills and enthusiasm for working with and helping others
 Ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience
 Ability and desire to work collaboratively as part of a team while also negotiating and accepting individual responsibilities
Desirable Experience
 Working in an agile development environment
 Highly numerate with an analytics/informatics background
 Working in a statistical environment
We take the development of our people very seriously, equipping and enabling them to make an impact by ensuring high quality evidence and analysis is at the heart of the policy-making process. We are committed to good management and the professional development of staff.
Technical Skills
You will be assessed on the following Technical Skills at Sift and/or Interview
 
Technical Skills Example
 (250 words)
Please give one or more examples of where you have worked with others to develop new data pipelines. Your answer should cover your personal roles and responsibilities and how you supported others to change their ways of working.
 
All candidates will be tested against the following Technical Criteria:
 You can re-engineer manual data flows into reproducible pipelines to enable scaling, testing and for quality assurance.
 You can respond to problems in databases, data processes, data products and services as they occur. You can determine the appropriate remedy and assist with implementation of it as well as preventative measures.
Members of the four main government analytical professions who are applying on promotion will additionally also need to demonstrate they meet the SEO level competencies for their profession. The outcome of this extra assessment will not influence who the job is offered to – it is purely to facilitate timely promotion of badging for internal applicants.
Behaviours
We'll assess you against these behaviours during the selection process:
Working Together
 
Managing a Quality Service
 
Technical Skills
We'll assess you against these technical skills during the selection process:
Please give one or more examples of where you have worked with others to develop new data pipelines. Your answer should cover your personal roles and responsibilities and how you supported others to change their ways of working.
 
Technical Criteria including but not limited to; re-engineer manual data flows; and respond to problems in databases, data processes, data products and services as they occur.
 
We only ask for evidence of these technical skills on your application form:
Please give one or more examples of where you have worked with others to develop new data pipelines. Your answer should cover your personal roles and responsibilities and how you supported others to change their ways of working.
 
Benefits
BEIS offers a competitive mix of benefits including:
A culture of flexible working, such as job sharing, homeworking and compressed hours.
Automatic enrolment into the Civil Service Pension Scheme.
A minimum of 25 days of paid annual leave, increasing by 1 day per year up to a maximum of 30.
An extensive range of learning & professional development opportunities, which all staff are actively encouraged to pursue.
Access to a range of retail, travel and lifestyle employee discounts.
Things you need to know
Security
Successful candidates must pass a disclosure and barring security check.
People working with government assets must complete basic personnel security standard checks.
Selection process details
This vacancy is using Success Profiles , and will assess your Behaviours, Experience and Technical skills.
As part of the application process you will be asked to complete a CV and personal statement. Your personal statement (maximum 750 words) should outline your suitability for the role based on the job description. You do not need to repeat material covered in the technical skills question. Please also indicate in your response if you are a member of one of the four main government analytical professions (GORS, GES, GSR or GSG), and if so, your current badged grade. Further details around what this will entail are listed on the application form.
Candidates will be sifted on a personal statement, and any technical skills required.
Expected Timeline
 
subject to change
Sift Dates: w/c 9th or 16th November 2020
Interview dates: w/c 16th or 23rd November 2020
Interview location: MS Teams
Candidates are asked to note the above timetable, exercising flexibility through the recruitment and selection process.
The interview will consist of behaviour and technical questions.
There will be an interview presentation required for candidates who are an existing member of a government analytical profession (GORS, GES, GSR or GSG) looking to promote their analytical badging. This will be used 
only
 to confirm the level of pay enhancement they qualify for, and will be separate to the scoring process and merit list. More details will follow at interview stage, where applicable.
Pay Enhancement
If the successful candidate is an existing member of a government analytical profession (GORS, GES, GSR or GSG), they will qualify for a pay enhancement of £4245 rising to £6000 for those with a relevant masters. Non-members will be supported to apply for membership once in post if appropriate.
Reasonable adjustment
If a person with disabilities is put at a substantial disadvantage compared to a non-disabled person, we have a duty to make reasonable changes to our processes.
If you need a change to be made so that you can make your application, you should:
 Contact Government Recruitment Service via beisrecruitment.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk as soon as possible before the closing date to discuss your needs.
 Complete the “Assistance required” section in the “Additional requirements” page of your application form to tell us what changes or help you might need further on in the recruitment process. For instance, you may need wheelchair access at interview, or if you’re deaf, a Language Service Professional.
Further Information
If you are experiencing accessibility problems with any attachments on this advert, please contact the email address in the 'Contact point for applicants' section.
If successful and transferring from another Government Department a criminal record check maybe carried out.
In order to process applications without delay, we will be sending a Criminal Record Check to Disclosure and Barring Service on your behalf. However, we recognise in exceptional circumstance some candidates will want to send their completed forms direct. If you will be doing this, please advise Government Recruitment Service of your intention by emailing Pre-Employment.Checks@cabinetoffice.gov.uk stating the job reference number in the subject heading.
New entrants are expected to join on the minimum of the pay band.
Applicants who are successful at interview will be, as part of pre-employment screening subject to a check on the Internal Fraud Database (IFD). This check will provide information about employees who have been dismissed for fraud or dishonesty offences. This check also applies to employees who resign or otherwise leave before being dismissed for fraud or dishonesty had their employment continued. Any applicant’s details held on the IFD will be refused employment.
A candidate is not eligible to apply for a role within the Civil Service if the application is made within a 5 year period following a dismissal for carrying out internal fraud against government.
Any move to the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy will mean you will no longer be able to carry on claiming childcare vouchers. You will however have access to the governments Tax Free Childcare scheme.
A reserve list will be held for a period of 12 months from which further appointments can be made.
Please note terms and conditions are attached. Please take time to read the document to determine how these may affect you.
BEIS does not normally offer full home working (i.e. working at home); but we do offer a variety of flexible working options (including occasionally working from home).
Please note that BEIS does not hold a licence to sponsor visa applications.
Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.
Nationality Requirements
Open to UK, Commonwealth and European Economic Area (EEA) and certain non EEA nationals. Further information on whether you are able to apply is available here .
Working for the Civil Service
The Civil Service Code sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.
We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's recruitment principles .
The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.
Data Engineer - Python/Java/Node / C# - SQL
Want to apply? Read all the information about this position below, then hit
the apply button.
Are you an ethically-minded Data Engineer with a good background in SQL and
either Python, Java, Node or C#? Do you want to use your software and data
skills to make the world better instead of working for banks and betting
companies? If so then this could be the perfect opportunity for you to
change things up and use your powers for good!
We are a scale-up software business looking to bring in some talented
mid-senior level developers due to significant growth. We need a Data
Engineer who is a tech enthusiast, takes a flexible approach in using the
right tools for the job, and who is driven by building quality, efficient
products.
The Successful Data Engineer Will Have
 Solid background in OO Development (either Python, Java, C#, Node)
 Strong grasp of SQL / data
 Experience working within a modern development environment -
Cloud-hosted (AWS, GCP, Azure), Agile, TDD
If you are a keen, talented Data Engineer with a proven background in
Python, Java, C# within an Agile, cloud hosted environment then APPLY NOW
or contact ryan[at]applauseit[dot]co[dot]uk
Data Engineer - Python / Java / C# - Leeds
Data Engineer - Remote - 6 months - Outside IR35
Find out more about this role by reading the information below, then apply
to be considered.
Data Engineer on an initial six month contract. This role will be carried
out on a fully remote basis.
Essential Requirements
 Delphi 6
 ETL
 C#
If this sounds like an appealing opportunity to you then get in touch with
me ASAP. Naturally there could be scope for extension, due to the nature of
the work.
Harvey Nash are looking for an experienced Data Engineer / Architect to
help define, build and maintain a robust data platform for a global
business in Birmingham.
This is part of a key Digital Transformation project and the business is
focused on improving their data management practices.
You will work with the Architect to ensure data quality, security and
governance whilst promoting best practice across the organisation.
Skills Of Interest
Is this your next job? Read the full description below to find out, and
don’t hesitate to make an application.
 Azure, Azure Data Factory
 Data Modelling
 ETL tools (SSIS, Talend, Informatica)
 Data warehousing, Data Lake
 Data security, data architecture, data quality
 SQL, Python, R, PowerBI, Tableau (non essential)
 TOGAF or similar
This is a great opportunity to make a real difference. The role will suit
someone who has a proven background succesfully delivering Azure data
platforms.
Pay up to £65,000 + 25 days holiday + Private Healthcare.
Will be based in Birmingham / Remote.
Junior Software Engineer London to £60k
Junior Software Engineer / C# Developer (C# Windows Excel WPF GUI) *Remote
Interview WfH*. Would you like to gain valuable knowledge of financial
market data systems? You could be continually learning and progressing your
career at a scale-up financial market data provider.
As a Junior Software Engineer you will join the team responsible for the
systems that integrate client data from Excel to a desktop application,
automating wherever possible. You'll join an Agile development team and
gain exposure to the full Windows technology stack including WPF.
This Junior Software Engineer role presents an excellent opportunity to
join a well-funded start-up that have secured relationships with big name
clients; you'll see the results of your work, have your voice heard and
make a real difference.
There is currently a remote interview and onboarding process and the
ability to work from home with a gradual return to the office in Central
London in due course with continued flexible working, allowing you to have
a good work / life balance.
Requirements
 Degree educated, 2.1 or above in a STEM discipline, backed by strong
A-level results
 Commercial C# development experience in a Windows environment
 Good knowledge of Excel, ideally with Excel integration experience
 Familiar with WPF / GUI development for desktop applications
 Collaborative with strong communication skills, the aptitude and
desire to learn about financial markets
As a Junior Software Engineer you will earn a competitive salary (to £60k)
plus benefits.
Apply now or call to find out more about this Junior Software Engineer / C#
Developer (C# Windows Excel WPF) opportunity.
If your skills, experience, and qualifications match those in this job
overview, don’t delay your application.
Data Platform Engineer
Maximise your chances of a successful application to this job by ensuring
your CV and skills are a good match.
 Big Data
 Hybrid-Cloud
 Hedge Fund A Data Platform Engineer is required for a leading, global
hedge fund with a focus on equities and £40bn AUM.
My client is looking for an exceptional Data Engineer to design, develop
and maintain big data solutions with the goal of generating data for the
researchers within the firm.
The main project focus for the role will be collaborating with other
development and research teams to build a hybrid-cloud data platform,
particularly working closely with production the engineering team,
integrating your work into production systems.
You will also be developing the data tools, frameworks and methods.
Your main goal will be to minimise time spent liberating data and assist
the Quant research effort.
Key Required Skills: Strong Bsc Degree in Computing or related Science,
Technology, Engineering or Mathematics More than 4 years engineering
experience with software platforms or large-scale data infrastructures
Designing and building scalable distributes systems Programming Experience
( OOP Language ) Cloud, containers and microservices experience
(Kubernetes, Docker, Helm, AWS, GCP) Data storage and processing (Kafka,
Flink, Hadoop, Spark) Relational or Cloud database knowledge (Snowflake
experience would be a massive benefit) Knowledge of data mining, natural
language processing, and machine learning toolkits My client will expect
candidates to be experts in their field and the successful candidates will
be working in a team of highly skilled technologists who are on the cutting
edge of data driven, Alpha focused research/development.
While a financial (ideally buy side) background will be advantageous, it is
not a pre-requisite and talented engineers from other industries may also
have the right technical ability to be successful in this role.
The compensation package for this role is industry leading, in line with
the hard work expected of the successful applicant.
If you would like the chance to work in one of the top funds working on the
latest technology stacks, with top Quant teams, and your experience is
relevant, please contact Kyle Jones at Westbourne Partners.
Data Platform Engineer
 Big Data
 Hybrid-Cloud
 Hedge Fund
Data Engineer
Is this the role you’re looking for? If so read on for more details, and
make sure to apply today.
London
Permanent
My client is one of the world's fastest pet supplement businesses and they
are looking to hire an experienced Data Engineer who has a passion for
working with mass amounts marketing data. The company are looking for
passionate forward thinking Data Engineer who want to work on a rapidly
evolving product that has exciting growth plans.
You will have;
Role
 A solid understanding of business strategy and infrastructure
 Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements with a
focus on automation
 Re-design and build the infrastructure required for optimal
extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety
of data sources
 Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide
actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency
and other key business performance metrics
 Work with all internal teams to ensure their Data needs are met
 Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that
assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative
industry leader
Skills
 3-5 years hands on Data Engineering experience (Modelling)
 Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information
Systems or another quantitative field.
 Strong SQL database knowledge
 Development background in Python
 Experience working in the AWS cloud space using tools such as S3 is
essential.
 Great knowledge of data flows (Pipelining and Streaming)
This is a great opportunity to join a rapidly growing business that will
allow you build from the ground up.
The client are looking to interview next week. If you are interested email
me a copy of your latest CV () Or Apply
C++ Developer / Junior Software Engineer London to £65k
C++ Developer / Junior Software Engineer (Mathematics HPC) *Remote
Interview WFH*. Are you a technologist C++ Developer looking to work on
complex and interesting systems whilst continually learning and progressing
your career in a diverse, supportive environment of innovation that
empowers individuals to succeed?
You could be joining a technology company that is producing game changing
products using AI and parallel processing for data, video, imaging and
point cloud compression.
As a C++ Developer / Junior Software Engineer you will develop software for
new products, taking the high level conceptual mathematical work of the
research division and transforming this into C++ code through to
implementation on Windows, Linux, iOS and Android. You'll create clear,
concise and verifiable technical specifications, APIs and integration
guides and integrate with 3rd party commercial and open source codebases as
well as supporting 3rd parties integrating to the company's SDKs.
You'll be joining an accomplished and collaborative team based in Central
London, receiving mentoring from more experienced developers.
Driven by technology the company is able to offer a remote interview /
onboarding process and work from home during the current social distancing
measures.
Requirements
You have commercial C / C++ development experience You have some experience
of working in video processing OR equivalent HPC environment You have the
aptitude and desire to learn, are self-motivated and able to conduct your
own research and learn rapidly You have a good grasp of mathematics You
have strong problem solving abilities and enjoy discussing ideas and
collaborating You're degree educated: Computer Science or Electronics
Engineering preferred Ideally you will some knowledge or experience with
any of the following: GPU /CPU, CUDA, OpenGL
As a C++ Developer / Junior Software Engineer you will earn a competitive
salary (to £65k) plus benefits.
Apply now to find out more about this C++ Developer / Junior Software
Engineer opportunity.
Contact Name: C++ Team
Please ensure you read the below overview and requirements for this
employment opportunity completely.
Reference: TJ/3990/BB/15262/F/KS/201020_1603256431
Job ID: 2863941
Data Engineer / BI Developer
Check out the role overview below. If you’re confident you’ve got the right
Skills And Experience, Apply Today.
£45,000 - £55,000
SSIS | SSRS | SSAS | ETL | Azure
An ethical company in Bath are expanding their forces due to an recent
project being extremely successful during lockdown and it's only kept
growing.
You'd be the perfect fit if you're an experienced BI Developer / Data
Engineer used to working with MS stack (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS) and ETL process
day in day out.
Bonus points if you've got exposure to Azure or worked on Azure.
You must have worked on a data warehouse in a production environment.
Essential
 Data Warehouse / ETL experience in a production environment
 BI Stack (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS)
Desirable
 Azure
This vacancy will be closing application on October 20th 2020. If you have
any questions or fancy a chat about the opportunity feel free to give
George Bone a call on or apply for the advert and George will be in
contact.
Business Intelligence | BI | Developer | Data Warehouse | Data | Engineer |
Azure | ETL | SQL Server | SSIS | SSRS | SSAS | £45,000 - £55,000
This position is commutable from Bath, Bristol, Taunton, Gloucester,
Swindon, Trowbridge, Chippenham, Newport, Cardiff and everywhere
in-between.
Data Developer London to £70k *Remote Interview WFH*
Please make sure you read the following details carefully before making any
applications.
Data Developer / Engineer (Python SQL BI) *Remote Interview WFH*. Are you a
data technologist seeking a role where you'll be challenged, continually
learning and able to work from home the majority of the time?
You could be joining a successful and well funded start-up software house;
the core Beta product is a highly complex, multi-dimensional data analysis
software suite intended to modernise and simplify sales projections for
major retailers.
As a Data Developer you will implement efficient algorithms for the
visualisation of multi-dimensional data; interacting with multi-dimensional
data and ingesting multi-dimensional data; you'll interpret requirements
and help develop new features and enhancements on the core data platform.
Driven by technology the company can offer a remote interview and
onboarding process as well as full-time work from home for the foreseeable
with a great deal of flexibility going forwards; you may need to visit the
office in South London once or twice week although this could be less -
despite this you'll be supported as part of a collaborative and
accomplished team where you can make a real difference.
Requirements
 You have strong Python coding skills and an understanding of C++,
with a desire to improve your skills in C++
 You have a good knowledge of SQL Data Warehouses and have ideally
experience working with multi-dimensional data
 You have a good working knowledge of BI / planning tools and data
visualisation (e.g. Tableau)
 You're collaborative yet happy working remotely with a great deal of
autonomy
As a Data Developer you will earn a competitive salary (to £70k) plus
benefits.
Apply now or call to find out more about this Data Developer / Engineer
(Python SQL BI) opportunity.
Data Visualisation Developer, 3-month contract, 100% remote, up to £525
Please ensure you read the below overview and requirements for this
employment opportunity completely.
 Dependent on Experience For my client based in West Midlands, I'm looking
for Data Visualisation Developer with a Birst experience.
You will support the Infor Birst technical design, build, test, and
delivery of their enterprise data warehouse capability, following their
software development lifecycle (SDLC).
Location
 remote Start
 as soon as possible Experience needed:
 Knowledge in all components of the Infor Birst platform
 Experience in administering Infor Birst including access management and
security.
 Expert knowledge of Data Warehouse development.
 Strong hands-on experience of OLTP and OLAP Data Modelling techniques
(e.g.
3NF, Dimensional Modelling).
 Expert knowledge of set-based and procedural programming techniques.
Please do not hesitate to apply
Are you looking for a new challenge? Do you want to play a pivotal role in
driving our future direction and delivering our ambitions ? We are looking
for an enthusiastic forward-thinking Data Developer to join an innovative
and forward-thinking Housing Association in the North West of England.
Increase your chances of reaching the interview stage by reading the
Complete Job Description And Applying Promptly.
This is a full time, permanent role offering a salary of £25,398
 £29,880 per annum .
With 7,000 home...
Skills And Experience We Are Looking For
 
Strong Python skills including experience with Numpy and Pandas (2 years minimum);  
 
Experience working with large data sets; 
 
Business communication skills & ability to present information clearly and concisely;  
 
Enthusiasm to rapidly learn new technologies and skills;  
 
Efficient and diligent with a strong attention to detail; 
 
Bachelor degree with a minimum 2.1 grade or equivalent 
 
Desirable but not essential:
 
Containerisation (Docker, Kubernetes, serverless); 
 
Experience in C# or C++; 
 
Knowledge of financial markets & securities (particularly futures, options & equities). 
 
Maven is looking for 
outstanding Python developers
 with the engineering, analytical and quant skills to help drive our continuing success to the next level. You will work alongside the best traders and developers, using open-source and in-house tools to build our data platform and produce measurable improvements across Maven's systems.
Previous experience in Python, pandas and related tools is a must, as are a fluency in programming fundamentals and mathematical techniques. Experience in financial markets, derivatives or time series data is beneficial but not essential. This is a full-time, permanent role based in London, with a competitive remuneration package comprising a base salary, benefits and bonus.
MAVEN DATA SERVICES TEAM
The 
Data 
Services
 team is responsible for the delivery of reliable, timely and accurate data and visualisations for the trading and research teams at Maven. Our data pipelines handle terabytes of exchange traffic, performing numerous transformations in real-time covering all the markets traded by Maven. We also provide perform analysis ranging from nanosecond-level investigations on low-latency trading systems to research on trading strategies covering entire markets.
We are a small team who sit on the trading floor in Maven's London office, and we partner with the trading desks, software development teams and IT operations. Over the next year Data Services will be building out the Maven Data Lake. This will become the central repository for data loads and processing pipelines. The Data Lake will allow easy discovery of and access to different data sets, as well as the ability to create and maintain derived data sets as required by our users. Due to the volume and number of data sets we manage at Maven, this is a formidable challenge that will require innovative technical solutions.
MAVEN SERCURITIES
Maven is a proprietary trading organisation
 formed in 2011. We employ the most talented traders, developers and engineers in the market, executing a diverse range of strategies across global equities and derivatives. We are the most active participant in many of the products we trade, contributing significant liquidity to markets around the world.
Maven has a culture that is relaxed and informal but highly rewarding of strong performance; there's no dress code, plenty of free food and regular social events.  We have offices in London, Hong Kong and New York and will be opening a new Chicago office in early 2020 as part of our plans to expand our coverage of derivatives markets.
The big question: why on earth should a Tech professional like you work for a 150-year-old retail chain? Because we’re on a journey. Changing the way we operate. Learning to think nimble. Giving our teams the time and freedom they need to push boundaries. To create amazing systems and technologies. To give our colleagues and our customers even more incredible experiences.
There are thousands of experts to talk to and learn from. We’ve got data from billions of transactions for our teams to play with. Things get built here. They get made here. They hit customers and colleagues quickly. Welcome to the home of Sainsbury's Tech.
More About The Role
 
Build and design large scale real-time and batch data pipelines using technologies such as Apache Spark, Kafka, SQS and Airflow
 
Programming in one or more languages within our data eco-system e.g. Python
 
Implement cloud technologies such as GCP, Azure. AWS including S3, and EMR
 
Use best practices in continuous integration and delivery
 
Work collaboratively within a team of cross-functional engineers
 
Work with structured, semi-structure and unstructured data
 
What We’re Looking For
 
An engineer with a passion for delivering solutions to customers.
 
Someone who likes to roll up their sleeves and has hands on experience of the languages, tools and infrastructure
 
Knowledgeable about data modelling, access and storage
 
Self-driven and constantly striving to improve your team
 
Advocate of Agile/Lean delivery methodologies
 
In Return You’ll Get
 
Colleague discount across the multi-brands – Sainsbury’s, Argos and Habitat
 
Holiday allowance
 
Bonus scheme
 
Pension plan
 
Special offers on gym memberships, restaurants, holidays, retail vouchers and more
 
Flexible working and job share conversations are encouraged. Across our multi-brands, we’re proud to be an equal opportunities employer that champions a diverse and inclusive culture. If you’re reading this, even if you’re not 100% sure you’re there with your experience, we’d still love to hear from you. If you’d like to find out more head to Sainsbury's Tech
#DTDJOBS
L 
ionbridge Gaming is looking for a motivated, imaginative Data Engineer to join our team working on some of the biggest franchises in gaming, helping us to build high quality products that delight our customers. 
 This is a remote-based role, but you will need to be in the Reading area as weekly site visits will be required. 
A successful candidate will design and build solutions to objectively measure the progress and status of various key quality metrics as our gaming products mature during development and their integrity once released to production. The candidate will work both collaboratively and alone to understand available data sources & models, define and construct datasets for analysis applying ETL/ELT principles, and build reporting/insights to communicate status and observations to consumers. As a team we work end-to-end with our customer game development studios and quality teams to define the questions we seek to answer via data, identify appropriate methods to accurately & reliably measure confidence/risk, author & instrument required data points to support analyses, to ultimately build a product that delivers on the requirements.
The Nature And Subject Of Our Work Is Inherently Varied As We Explore Efficient & Effective Applications Of Data To Assess Quality, But Is Focused On The Following Core Areas
The use of data in our industry to measure product quality is an emerging and fast evolving area, and as such there is great opportunity to develop new and innovative solutions to the challenges presented.
 
 
Product Health
: Measuring the functional quality of our gaming products against key targets 
 
 
Software Development Lifecycle: 
Measuring our own and partner team's activity during development and the artifacts that contribute towards release confidence 
 
 
Customer Value
: Understanding what is of most value to our end-users, so that we can recognise and articulate those quality factors that influence a successful product 
 
 
Data Quality
: Ensuring that the data we leverage can be trusted to serve our derived insights. 
 
We prioritize high quality and reliable solutions, with a focus on scalability and ease of maintenance as we continue to expand our capability in this area. We typically use Azure Data Explorer (ADX), SQL Server, Azure Data Factory, R/Shiny, Power BI, SSRS, C#, PowerShell, Visual Studio, Azure DevOps, and GIT.
Skills Essentials
 
 Strong practical experience with T-SQL or any variant from other RDBMS. 
 
 Proficient in applying data modelling approaches; normalization etc. 
 
 Comprehensive knowledge of data query concepts; joins, grouping, pivots etc. 
 
 Practical experience of at least one data visualisation platform 
 
 Experience working with source control, such as GIT, TFVC etc. 
 
 Writes clear, reliable, & easily maintainable code 
 
 Clear communication and effective collaboration 
 
 Nice To Haves
 
 Object orientated (ideally C#) programming capability in .Net environment 
 
 Powershell 
 
 SQL Server administration 
 
 Familiarity with Visual Studio IDE 
 
 Understanding of Data Science, Machine Learning and/or Statistical concepts 
 
 Experience with statistical analysis in R or Python 
 
 Experience with Azure Data Explorer 
 
 Development of ETL & ELT pipelines 
 
 Familiarity with NoSql/Non-relational databases 
 
 Working in the Azure cloud environment 
 
 Agile principles and Scrum methodology 
 
 Understanding of GDPR/Privacy requirements 
 
 WORK RELATIONSHIPS
Customers Studios Quality Test Leads, Managers, SDETs
Lionbridge test teams (internal and external), team leads and managers
Development producers, designers, area owners and key stake holders
This document describes the major duties, responsibilities, and authorities of this job, and is not intended to be a complete list of all tasks and functions. It should be understood, therefore, that incumbents may be asked to perform job-related duties beyond those explicitly described. It is also a standard description and therefore neither the percentage of time devoted to the various tasks nor can the required qualifications be guaranteed to match those of any given incumbent.
Data Engineer- Remote work- Government role
I am looking to speak with Data Engineers interested to work remote on a contract for 6 months. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone who is looking to join a Government Department and gain reputable experience, which will open career doors for you moving forward. This is a remote role.
Purpose
You will be responsible for developing accurate, efficient data solutions which meet customer needs to agreed timescales. You will also ensure the stability, robustness and resilience of the products you design and build, and are in a position to effect changes to those products where necessary.
Requirements
Security Clearance: SC current active mandatory
Extensive, hands-on experience of large complex Data Engineering projects developing ETL pipelines in a cloud or on premise environment
Experience of developing/utilising programming and query languages e.g. SQL, Java, Scala
Good understanding of data management, governance and quality frameworks
Call me Diana Anghel at NonStop Recruitment now for a confidential conversation.
Contact me on or (phone number removed) with Internal Extension: 8112.
Technical Resources Are Currently Recruiting For The Following Position
Job Role: Data Engineer
Location: Various sites throughout Europe
Start Date: 02/11/2020
Duration: 4 Week rolling contract
Working Hours: Various working hours
RATE: £150/day + Accommodation & Flights covered
Main Duties Include
Cabling to install in multiple buildings.
Cat 6a installation, testing and terming. One cable per building for their networks
Qualifications Required
ECS/CSCS Card
Hand tools
Termination tools
Drill
5 Point
If you are interested in this role, can recommend anyone, or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact Hayley Moore on (phone number removed) or.
Data Engineer
Brief Summary
 Contract Data Engineer role aligned to the public sector.
 Desirable skills: SSIS, C#, SQL Server, data integration, ETL, data modelling, metadata.
 Current SC clearance is required for central government client
 Interviews and onboarding conducted remotely
 Initially 5 month contract up to IR35 change (March 31st)
The organisation
You will be joining a leading British organisation in the technology delivery space, which is uniquely positioned to expertly deliver best in class technology services to both large-scale public and private sector organisations.
The role
Perform a Range Of Data Engineering Responsibilities Covering
 Data collection
 Data integration
 Ensure availability
 Data flows
 Data modelling
 Data cleansing
 Defining metadata
 Governance
 Data visualisation
 Unstructured data
Click to apply!
Reference: AMC*SW/DAT3982
Type: Contract
Location: Remote
Position: Data Engineer
Rate: £500 - £550 p/d.
Job title: Data Engineer
Location: Home Based
6 month term
 Designs, builds and tests data products based on feeds from multiple systems using a range of different storage technologies and/or access methods. Creates repeatable and reusable products.
 Delivers data solutions in accordance with agreed organisational standards that ensure services are resilient, scalable and future-proof.
 Understands the concepts and principles of data modelling and is able to produce, maintain and update relevant data models for specific business needs. Reverse engineers data models from a live system.
 Designs, codes, tests, corrects and documents simple programs or scripts under the direction of others.
 Understands core technical concepts related to their role and is able to apply them with guidance.
Our role in supporting diversity and inclusion
As an international workforce business, we are committed to sourcing personnel that reflects the diversity and values of our client base but also that of Orion Group. We welcome the wide range of experiences and viewpoints that potential workers bring to our business and our clients, including those based on nationality, gender, culture, educational and professional backgrounds, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, and age differences, job classification and religion. In our inclusive workplace, regardless of your employment status as staff or contract, everyone is assured the right of equitable, fair and respectful treatment.
At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we’re hiring highly technical cloud computing architects and engineers to collaborate with our customers and partners on key engagements. Our consultants will develop and deliver proof-of-concept projects, technical workshops, and support implementation projects. These professional services engagements will focus on customer solutions such as Machine Learning, Data and Analytics, HPC and more.In this role, you will work with our partners, customers and focus on our AWS Analytics and ML service offerings such Amazon Kinesis, AWS Glue, Amazon Redshift, Amazon EMR, Amazon Athena, Amazon SageMaker and more. You will help our customers and partners to remove the constraints that prevent them from leveraging their data to develop business insights.AWS Professional Services engage in a wide variety of projects for customers and partners, providing collective experience from across the AWS customer base and are obsessed about customer success. Our team collaborates across the entire AWS organization to bring access to product and service teams, to get the right solution delivered and drive feature innovation based upon customer needs.In our Global Specialist Practice, you will also have the opportunity to create white papers, writing blogs, build demos and other reusable collateral that can be used by our customers, and, most importantly, you will work closely with our Solution Architects, Data Scientists and Service Engineering teams.The ideal candidate will have extensive experience with design, development and operations that leverages deep knowledge in the use of services like Amazon Kinesis, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Amazon Sagemaker, Amazon EMR, NoSQL technologies and other 3rd parties.Excellent business and communication skills are a must to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions. You should be able to work with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions.Basic qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field 
5+ years’ experience of Data platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Kinesis/Kafka/Spark/Storm implementations. 
Ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges in an enterprise environment. 
Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises 
Basic understanding of machine learning fundamentals. 
Ability to take Machine Learning models and implement them as part of data pipeline 
Highly technical and analytical, possessing 5 or more years of IT platform implementation experience. 
Understanding of Data Analytics ecosystem. Experience with one or more relevant tools ( Flink, Spark, Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Amazon Kinesis ). 
Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc). 
Current hands-on implementation experience required 
Ability to travel to client locations to deliver professional services when needed.Preferred qualification 
Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or Math. 
Hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects. 
Ability to lead effectively across organizations. 
Hands-on experience with Data Analytics technologies such as AWS, Hadoop, Spark, Spark SQL, MLib or Storm/Samza. 
Implementing AWS services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments. 
Proficiency with at least one the languages such as C++, Java, Scala or Python. 
Experience with at least one of the modern distributed Machine Learning and Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet Caffe, and Keras. 
Experience building large-scale machine-learning infrastructure that have been successfully delivered to customers. 
Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility trade-offs. 
3+ years experiences developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. 
Experience working on a code base with many contributors. 
Ability to prototype and evaluate applications and interaction methodologies. 
Experience with AWS technology stack. 
Written and verbal technical communication skills with an ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.
Location
1 Victoria Street London, 2 Rivergate Temple Quay Bristol
Summary
About the job
Are you interested in UK energy data, climate change and building a sustainable future? Do you enjoy working with others to people to establish new data pipelines and ways of working to create excellent statistics that shape the Government’s policies for achieving Net Zero emissions by 2050? If so, now is great time to join the Energy Statistics team in BEIS.
This post will complete recruitment of the new Data System Development team. We are a small central team in the division, providing technical advice and support to around 40 other analysts. The team’s main current goal is to design and deliver a transformation programme to radically improve the pipelines of data ingest, processing and dissemination used for the production of around 100 official statistics a year.
This transformation programme is replacing manual data processes with SQL databases and reproducible pipelines. The team uses Python and SQL, with Git for collaboration and version control. We are prioritising delivering a system that is easy for other analysts to use and maintain, with clear metadata and documentation. This work will significantly improve productivity and quality assurance across the division, and thereby enhance the published statistics that drive national energy strategy.
Job Description
As a data engineer in the Data Systems Development team, you'll work closely with analysts in other teams by providing guidance and support as they develop new data pipelines. You will manage the scrum development process for these users, helping to unblock barriers and encouraging progress. You will also use your technical skills to personally deliver new system features that are robust, resilient and aligned to user-needs. As we are a small team there will be plenty of scope for you to work with senior engineers to help shape the overall system design.
This role is available in London or Bristol. If based in Bristol you will be expected to visit London two days a week under normal circumstances.
Pay Enhancement
If the successful candidate is an existing member of a government analytical profession (GORS, GES, GSR or GSG), they will qualify for a pay enhancement of £4245 rising to £6000 for those with a relevant masters. Non-members will be supported to apply for membership once in post if appropriate.
Responsibilities
We are looking for someone with skills and interest in data engineering who enjoys working with people with a range of technical experience. The points listed below are relevant for the role; you should ensure that you cover as many of these points as possible in your statement of suitability.
Essential Data Engineering Experience
 Good programming skills including at least one of Python or SQL
 Understanding of relational databases
 Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) processes
 Dissemination of data and analysis in a variety of formats
 Development using version control (preferably Git)
 Monitoring data quality and developing processes for automated and/or manual interventions to improve data quality
Other Essential Experience
 Excellent people skills and enthusiasm for working with and helping others
 Ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience
 Ability and desire to work collaboratively as part of a team while also negotiating and accepting individual responsibilities
Desirable Experience
 Working in an agile development environment
 Highly numerate with an analytics/informatics background
 Working in a statistical environment
We take the development of our people very seriously, equipping and enabling them to make an impact by ensuring high quality evidence and analysis is at the heart of the policy-making process. We are committed to good management and the professional development of staff.
Technical Skills
You will be assessed on the following Technical Skills at Sift and/or Interview
 
Technical Skills Example
 (250 words)
Please give one or more examples of where you have worked with others to develop new data pipelines. Your answer should cover your personal roles and responsibilities and how you supported others to change their ways of working.
 
All candidates will be tested against the following Technical Criteria:
 You can re-engineer manual data flows into reproducible pipelines to enable scaling, testing and for quality assurance.
 You can respond to problems in databases, data processes, data products and services as they occur. You can determine the appropriate remedy and assist with implementation of it as well as preventative measures.
Members of the four main government analytical professions who are applying on promotion will additionally also need to demonstrate they meet the SEO level competencies for their profession. The outcome of this extra assessment will not influence who the job is offered to – it is purely to facilitate timely promotion of badging for internal applicants.
Behaviours
We'll assess you against these behaviours during the selection process:
Working Together
 
Managing a Quality Service
 
Technical Skills
We'll assess you against these technical skills during the selection process:
Please give one or more examples of where you have worked with others to develop new data pipelines. Your answer should cover your personal roles and responsibilities and how you supported others to change their ways of working.
 
Technical Criteria including but not limited to; re-engineer manual data flows; and respond to problems in databases, data processes, data products and services as they occur.
 
We only ask for evidence of these technical skills on your application form:
Please give one or more examples of where you have worked with others to develop new data pipelines. Your answer should cover your personal roles and responsibilities and how you supported others to change their ways of working.
 
Benefits
BEIS offers a competitive mix of benefits including:
A culture of flexible working, such as job sharing, homeworking and compressed hours.
Automatic enrolment into the Civil Service Pension Scheme.
A minimum of 25 days of paid annual leave, increasing by 1 day per year up to a maximum of 30.
An extensive range of learning & professional development opportunities, which all staff are actively encouraged to pursue.
Access to a range of retail, travel and lifestyle employee discounts.
Things you need to know
Security
Successful candidates must pass a disclosure and barring security check.
People working with government assets must complete basic personnel security standard checks.
Selection process details
This vacancy is using Success Profiles , and will assess your Behaviours, Experience and Technical skills.
As part of the application process you will be asked to complete a CV and personal statement. Your personal statement (maximum 750 words) should outline your suitability for the role based on the job description. You do not need to repeat material covered in the technical skills question. Please also indicate in your response if you are a member of one of the four main government analytical professions (GORS, GES, GSR or GSG), and if so, your current badged grade. Further details around what this will entail are listed on the application form.
Candidates will be sifted on a personal statement, and any technical skills required.
Expected Timeline
 
subject to change
Sift Dates: w/c 9th or 16th November 2020
Interview dates: w/c 16th or 23rd November 2020
Interview location: MS Teams
Candidates are asked to note the above timetable, exercising flexibility through the recruitment and selection process.
The interview will consist of behaviour and technical questions.
There will be an interview presentation required for candidates who are an existing member of a government analytical profession (GORS, GES, GSR or GSG) looking to promote their analytical badging. This will be used 
only
 to confirm the level of pay enhancement they qualify for, and will be separate to the scoring process and merit list. More details will follow at interview stage, where applicable.
Pay Enhancement
If the successful candidate is an existing member of a government analytical profession (GORS, GES, GSR or GSG), they will qualify for a pay enhancement of £4245 rising to £6000 for those with a relevant masters. Non-members will be supported to apply for membership once in post if appropriate.
Reasonable adjustment
If a person with disabilities is put at a substantial disadvantage compared to a non-disabled person, we have a duty to make reasonable changes to our processes.
If you need a change to be made so that you can make your application, you should:
 Contact Government Recruitment Service via beisrecruitment.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk as soon as possible before the closing date to discuss your needs.
 Complete the “Assistance required” section in the “Additional requirements” page of your application form to tell us what changes or help you might need further on in the recruitment process. For instance, you may need wheelchair access at interview, or if you’re deaf, a Language Service Professional.
Further Information
If you are experiencing accessibility problems with any attachments on this advert, please contact the email address in the 'Contact point for applicants' section.
If successful and transferring from another Government Department a criminal record check maybe carried out.
In order to process applications without delay, we will be sending a Criminal Record Check to Disclosure and Barring Service on your behalf. However, we recognise in exceptional circumstance some candidates will want to send their completed forms direct. If you will be doing this, please advise Government Recruitment Service of your intention by emailing Pre-Employment.Checks@cabinetoffice.gov.uk stating the job reference number in the subject heading.
New entrants are expected to join on the minimum of the pay band.
Applicants who are successful at interview will be, as part of pre-employment screening subject to a check on the Internal Fraud Database (IFD). This check will provide information about employees who have been dismissed for fraud or dishonesty offences. This check also applies to employees who resign or otherwise leave before being dismissed for fraud or dishonesty had their employment continued. Any applicant’s details held on the IFD will be refused employment.
A candidate is not eligible to apply for a role within the Civil Service if the application is made within a 5 year period following a dismissal for carrying out internal fraud against government.
Any move to the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy will mean you will no longer be able to carry on claiming childcare vouchers. You will however have access to the governments Tax Free Childcare scheme.
A reserve list will be held for a period of 12 months from which further appointments can be made.
Please note terms and conditions are attached. Please take time to read the document to determine how these may affect you.
BEIS does not normally offer full home working (i.e. working at home); but we do offer a variety of flexible working options (including occasionally working from home).
Please note that BEIS does not hold a licence to sponsor visa applications.
Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.
Nationality Requirements
Open to UK, Commonwealth and European Economic Area (EEA) and certain non EEA nationals. Further information on whether you are able to apply is available here .
Working for the Civil Service
The Civil Service Code sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.
We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's recruitment principles .
The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.
